Today's discussion incorporated the Developing of Data flow Diagram and its level wise analysis which is implementable in our Online 
Student Essentials.

The points are as follows:

1)DFD graphically representing the functions, or processes, which capture, manipulate, store, and distribute data between a system 
  and its environment and between components of a system. The visual representation makes it a good communication tool between User
  and System designer(definition).
  
2)There are FOur symbols which describes the DFD
    1.Process(logically a function): Every process has a name that identifies the function it performs. 
    2.Data Store: A data store or data repository is used in a data-flow diagram to represent a situation when the system must retain
      data because one or more processes need to use the stored data in a later time. We can either or write the data from the Data store
    3.External Entity: An external entity is a person, department, outside organization, or other information system that provides data
      to the system or receives outputs from the system.Generally a rectangle represents External Entity.They do not process the data.
      They either supply data or receive data.
    4.Data Flow: A data-flow is a path for data to move from one part of the information system to another.The Data flow is either 
      represented by the one-way arrow or two-way arrow.
      
3) We considered the rules that need to be taken care(avoided) of,some have been mentioned below:
    1.condition of Black Hole: when the data is only inputed into the process but no output is given out.
    2.condition of Miracles: A processing step may have output flows but no input flows.
    3.condition of Gray holes: A processing step may have outputs that are greater than the sum of its inputs.
    
4) Applying the gathered knowledge mentioned above, we extracted our entities,process and data store from our system class diagram
    trying to give well defined shape of the DFD.
Hope the DFD may be fully completed by the next meeting as levelling in DFD is yet an issue of discussion.
