With the completion of use-case, class and collaboration diagram, today's meeting comprises discussion over
Data flow diagram, State diagram and Entity-relationship diagram.

A discussed a data flow diagram (DFD ) is a way of representing a flow of a data of a process or a system,
It also provides information about the outputs and inputs of each entity and the process itself, a data flow
diagram has no control flow, there are no decision rules and no loops. 
Specific operations based on the data can be represented by a flowchart such that for each data flow, at least
one of the endpoints(source and/or destination) must exist in a process.
A level 0 and 1 DFD is already uploaded which comprises the flow of data between login system and level 1 flow 
of data by user, admin and visitor by their corresponding functionalities, level 2 functionalities of user and
admin and other functions like payment system will uploaded shortly.

An entity–relationship model (ER model) describes interrelated things of interest in a specific domain of 
knowledge. A basic ER model is composed of entity types (which classify the things of interest) and specifies
relationships that can exist between entities (instances of those entity types).
It's commonly formed to represent things that a business needs to remember in order to perform business processes.
Consequently, the ER model becomes an abstract data model, that defines a data or information structure which can
be implemented in a database, typically a relational database.
It has also been uploaded.

State diagrams are used to give an abstract description of the behavior of a system. This behavior is analyzed 
and represented as a series of events that can occur in one or more possible states. Hereby each diagram usually
represents objects of a single class and track the different states of its objects through the system.

In the next meeting more details of state diagram will be discussed and it'll be uploaded, also we'll start 
discussion on designing databases and linking them with frontend from next meetings onward.
